---
layout: post
title:      "My Origin Story"
date:       2018-11-14 15:45:27 -0500
permalink:  my_origin_story
---

# (Warning to any that read this blog: Contains graphic material that some may not feel confortable with such as alcholism and addiction, PTSD, and suicide amongst others. Proceed only if you accept this.)

# My name is David Mathew Anderson but anyone that knows me calls me Mat. I am a 38 year old male from Las Vegas, Nevada who is now living in Eugene, Oregon after a very hard path to get here that my wife and I conquered. My story is different than the other ones that you will read about because of a major defining thing that happened to me which will be the focal point of this blog for the duration of my time in Flatiron and beyond. 
# I will get into that later but first let me answer the question about why did I choose to pursue a career in Full Stack Web Development. I chose this path because I have been prepped for a job in computers my whole life by my Hero, my father. Ever since I was a small child he had always encouraged me to use computers and had even had me playing games like Alf and Manhole when I was just a small child and the screens were still black and green. Completing this would be the cultivation of one of my father's dreams for me. This has become much more important to me since his passing in 2015 but we'll get into that in a moment. I am already quite savy on computers and can do everything from building computers, hardware, computer teching to solve problems for clients, to messing around with HTML and making basic webpages when I was younger and later creating about 50+ music sites on Myspace for things I liked like movie soundtracks like Labyrinth, William's Shakespear's Romeo and Juliet Soundtrack, etc. 
# Computers are such a part of my life that I had a recent job where I was supposed to get 2 weeks of training but the main trainer just never showed up again and the replacement was only there for 2 days. I still managed to not only meet the expectations because of my ability to figure out things on computers but actually met and exceeded the desire of my previous employer. I left that job to do this and took out a substantial loan which, only when paired with the partial scholarship I was awarded, made this even possible. I am not rich. I am not well off. I have debt due to this now and this means everything to succeed, both for me and my wonderful wife. I have worked hard to earn this and I have been through Hell. 

# This is the real beginning of this blog and my story: On January 24th, 2015 my Hero, my Mentor, my Rock, my father took his own life with a 38 special with a hollow point bullet while sitting in his car in my parent's garage of my childhood home. The garage itself used to be a place where I spent so much time singing, I am aspiring vocalist, and hanging out that he later dubbed it, "The Mat Cave." The impact of his death, especially being so bloody, left me shattered. 

# Previous to this I had come back from being a full blown alcoholic starting from my late teens all the way until I was able to break free at 27. At this point in my life I was a total fuck up. I mean I lived off my parents and even worked in my father's home based accounting firm rather than getting a real job. To make it worse, I wasn't even a good worker. In 2008 I was laid off by my father and I was completely lost. I had just moved in with my girlfriend, the first girl I dated that I ever lived with, and I was given a $1000 check and a good luck. Looking back I do not blame him. He was only doing what he needed to and I needed to be forced out of my comfort zone and to grow up. 

# After about 8 months of being unemployed I finally landed a job as a Host/busser at a local restarant in Las Vegas's Town Square. Even the field itself was chosen by my wife because of my strong communications background. You see, I was in the highest theater student when I graduated from Silverado High School in 1999 as I had 4 years of theater and 3 years of tech theater. At that time There was nobody else that had ever got so far in both at the same time. 

# Back to the story, I started as a host and for the first time in my life I was sober. I forgot to mention, I not only drank but also chain smoked cigarettes and smoked marijuana also. I decided to quit all three at once right before I met my wife and started taking brazilian jiu-jitsu instead to work out my aggression from the strong withdrawal symptoms and to clean out my long abused lungs and body. I did succeed after trying to quit almost since I started in my mid teens after a decade of failing. 

# I started the new job as a host and something happened that had never happened previous to this, I tried, alot. I wanted so much to succeed not only for myself but to not lose this wonderful woman whom I had just moved in with and who was unlike anyone I had met before. I want to note that at this time I was getting $8/hour before taxes and I would actually make more money literally by sitting at home collecting unemployment but something had changed in me. I completely and whole heartedly did not want to be a fuck up anymore. 

# When I started I was one of 3 host/hostesses. By the time I switched over to a server 8 month later I was the only one because I was doing a more efficient job then any host previous to me and I was flying solo all the time. I finally got annoyed at the company not promoting me despite all the praise and hard work and threatened to walk if they didn't start switching me over. They did and I began serving and was just starting to make money when the company just ghosted. I mean literally, overnight, I came to work and there was painted white windows and a sign that said that the restaurant was closed now. As far as I know last the spot remains one of the only consistantly vacant spots in Town Square though why I'll never know. I took a picture and showed my wife and then called her freaking out and once again was unemployed just as I was starting to make something of myself. To say I was annoyed was an understatement. 

# I ended up applying to a local bbq house in Green Valley Ranch's District the day after my wife had left there to start a new job. I knew the restaurant was a very difficult place to serve as the standards were extremely high and they asked alot but that they hired people with little experience which was so lucky for me. 

# I ended up getting the job and spent the next 14 months becoming a beast. I became a server and I became one of the best. I was a strong server and my customer service, which is my strong suit, especially exceeded expectations. I was secret shopped twice and got perfect scores every time and I was made Employee of the month in about a year and later became a server trainer, a member of the Safety Team, and a Main Closer who was responsible for overseeing the other servers, checking their sidework, and closing up the restaurant each day. I stayed at the BBQ restaurant for about a year and a half with full intentions of becoming a Manager. I even was in the process of becoming a (P)erson (I)n (C)harge or a PIC as we referred to the position. 

# Eventually they were starting to have an argument between managers who worked with me that strongly desired to make me a manager and between outside management that thought that other people who had been there longer should deserve it. During this time I saw a chance to interview for a long shot job at the airport. I took the interview and they desperately tried to convince me to leave my job and to work for them as an extra on the extra board. This basically means I would be on call constantly, every day of the week, as a filler. I explained that I had a good job and that I did not need it and they spent 3 days convincing me to leave my other job. 

# Eventually, due to the lack of movement and the fact that the airport job had the potential to be extremely high paying and a Union job, I left. They trained me for 2 weeks and then called me ONCE in 3+ months! Once! Only at the end of that time too at which point I was already looking for a new job. After some time unemployed yet again, though short this time, my wife saw an ad that Gordon Ramsay BurGr was hireing. (P.S. That is how they used to spell it before the changed the name later. It was supposed to be a play on Ramsay's initials. My wife, who was an even more experienced server, and myself both went for it as our money was dwindling and miracle of miracles, we both got it! We were ecstatic! It turned out that the company, Caesar's, had actually hired twice as many people as they needed for each position and the next few months was a gauntlet of people being fired. We started with around 60 servers and by the time we hit the floor for opening there were less that 30. Yet again we made it through. We had started with the understanding that they would work with my wife who was at Commuity College of Southern Nevada for Business and that they would work with her for her schedule. They did no such thing. They actually had her working mid shifts which were only allowed because we weren't union yet, as you need 2000+ hours to get in, and they were working her for 11+ hours a day with no breaks. I talked to a really great manager and switched my entire schedule with her giving her a normal morning shift and I took her nightmare shift. In time my wife ended up leaving back to her old job due to my request and our mutual belief that school was more important then money now. I stayed in that mid shift for months until eventually we became Union and they were phased out. I continued at Gordon Ramsay for the next 2.5 years or so and I became and remain the ONLY Head Server Trainer that existed at the time I left. I trained over 50+ people from positions including server, busser, food runners, and I even ended up coaching my own managers at their request due to my menu knowledge and ability to make it sound sexy, as I was told. I took this job so seriously and I was a beast! There were times in the beginning that I worked 6 days a week, 10 to 13 hours days. I was thought of fondly by my co-workers and I was on top of the World.
