---
layout: post
title:      "Time to Burn Again"
date:       2018-11-14 23:37:54 +0000
permalink:  time_to_burn_again
---

# For anyone who has stayed tuned in this long you may have been wondering why I chose to call this page SpiritualPhoenix.net. I chose it because once upon a time I went searching for faith. It was after the overdose of a friend that was so close he was like a brother to me at 22. He was not only my friend, he was also someone I really looked up to. I was not born in a family that was religous or even spiritual. At 22 I started trying to find some way to connect to something greater than me. At first I went to every different kind of religion I could and I sincerly tried to believe but I didn't. Eventually I decided to go a different way. You will find that is a thing with me, going my own way. Anyways, I started this search to try to make sense of my loss and to know that I would see him again. Being completely new to this, I chose to do this by spirit seeking  or ghost hunting as it became later known through different shows that weren't around when I started. I went to the graveyard that had my friend's urn and I started taking pictures. The first time I went I went by myself and I was ashamed of it. I was worried what people would think but I wanted to see something I couldn't explain. I wanted to catch something that my logical mind could wrap around. Well, those first few times I tried I caught nothing. Upon, probably through slipping drunk, I told a few of my friends. One in particular took a real interest in it and was as science first as I was. Together with him I started a group called the Las Vegas Spirit Seekers. I doubt you will find any proof of this now other than some old pics I have but I am not here for the purpose of proving anything to anyone. You either believe me, or you don't. Simple. During this time I did catch many different pics I couldn't explain and I spent around 1000+ hours researching anything I could get on ghosts, spirits, etc. To this day I remain one of the most knowledgeable people I know about this which will be ironic later. I learned that spirits and ghosts go back to almost every civilization on Earth, at one time or another. As long as humans have written there have been stories. I am not here to make you a believer. I don't care. Not my purpose. I am here to establish that through this I became extremely spiritual. I even chose the nickname on Myspace, the facebook of the time, SpiritualPhoenix. I chose it because I grew to Love the idea of the Phoenix. A creature that could literally burn itself down to its foundation and rise up again, from the ashes, stronger, and changed. I strove to do this for myself. I had found a kind of spirituality and I fully believed in something greater than myself though I refused to go past that. Then began the next step of my journey, quitting cigarettes and going sober. This next part took me a long time and I didn't succeed for another 5 years until I was 27. I tried and failed so many times but I could not, would not, ever just accept that I was a heavy drinker who chain smoked. I would quit cigarettes, and then relapse. I would quit drinking for 10 months and relapse. It wasn't until this one time when I was 27 that I actually managed to stop drinking and stop smoking cigarettes. I was super aggressive and pissed at everything, especially at the nicotine patch stage. My friend, the same one who co-founded the group with me, suggested that I could work out my aggression doing jiu jitsu or he was going to beat me up for being such an ass. I chose the later as I am not shy for a fight but I am also not a fool and I knew he could take me. Through Brazilian jiu jitsu, the support of my friends and family, the introduction of the woman who would become my wife later, I did it. I remained sober for the next 8.5 years and accomplished all I said. That was before my father's suicide. Now to burn. I was so obsessed with Phoenixes that my girlfriend got me a pendant of a Phoenix that I wear to this day. I never took it off, even at my worst, except to sleep sometimes, and I never forgot what it meant and what I had done. I was never content as the mess I had become from my father's death by his own hand. When I landed in Oregon I was able to have some time while I searched for a new job in a new field to finally address the damage that had been done from all that I have told you. I could finally take stock of the condition I was in. I was destroyed in every sense of the word. I can NEVER make you understand how much it destroyed me. I would get sick all the time which I later learned is called psychosomatic which is when emotional stress or pain becomes physical ailments. I had back pain all the time and I seemed to be constantly getting sick with colds, flu, etc. Anything that could go wrong in my body seemed to. This had been going on for a long long time. Upon my finally taking account of where I was at I was just so angry. I was the only person I have ever met that would smoke a huge bowl of indica and still be super energized and pissed at everything. I was all but foaming at the mouth. I had so much inside of me that I had pushed down that I had so much trouble bringing it to the surface again. I had started using marijuana on a tiny scale to just keep me behaved so I didn't completely lose it. I knew that given the pressure I was under I would surely drink if I didn't. Over time though and the need to take more and more to keep my emotions at bay, I had increased from a tiny amount to smoking from the time I got home until I went to bed. This equaled out to about a half ounce per month. This not might sound like alot but I was smoking entirely by myself and only after work. It is also recreational grade so the thc % is as high as 30% and I sought the most potent I could to keep myself in check. When I hit Oregon and I suddenly was without a job, the one constant, even though I did it terribly, I doubled my use. I was now smoking an ounce or more a month, by myself, starting from the time I got up until I closed my eyes at night. I didn't drive stoned. I chose vape because it was more incognito, even though it's completely legal for me in my home, and I was constantly ashamed of it. You see, what I never said is that I planned on smoking again someday, someday, far in the future, after I had accomplished my goals. Also, only in a recreational way and mildly. I always felt like the choice wasn't mine really and it always pissed me off. I felt forced into it by circumstance and a simple desperation to survive. Over the next year I slowly worked through alot of my mourning. I started sorting my feelings. I starting opening up and getting it out. I slowly started to be human again. Always a shadow of my former self though. I managed to get into Property Management company making a very decent starting wage and became extremely good at my job. I always seek to excel above the norm, always. The job itself ended up being a terrible fit and I realized once and for all the impact that all the trauma I had been through had on me. It had changed me. I was no longer good at staying as calm in high stress situations. This is exactly what I specialized in at all the high volume restaurants and how I got to positions of respect. Now I couldn't handle it and more than that I didn't want to. I finally decided enough was enough. I had had enough of being treated terrible in customer service jobs. I wanted to do something more with my life. I wanted to make something of myself. By this time I had successfully given my wife the opportunity to go back to school and change her stars even though I stumbled the whole way from my dad's death. I had been told I am extremely clever my whole life and though I never thought of myself as above average intelligence. The fact that I was accepted to Flatiron has finally made me start to question whether I do have a good head on my shoulders and a mind capable of greater things. I just knew how to work so hard. I knew how to dig deep, atleast before my dad's death, and earn it by trying the hardest and wanting it more. Through my wife's encouragement we started to explore other possibilities. I have loved computers my whole life and I am actually very artistic. You might be thinking I can write too, and this is true. I do know many of my talents and I also know many of my flaws. I find it makes for the most educated decision on what one can take on. My wife is extremely intelligent, above average for sure, and she had the highest of standards. Anything she does she tries so hard at and delivers amazing results. We both spent weeks researching and had narrowed down two possibilities, both within the realm of Web Development. One was the Firehose Project, and the second was Flatiron. I was honestly on the fence but I happened upon a video blog by an previous engineer who was attending Flatiron. He really did well at being honest about the whole, up and down, and I watched him get a job at the end. I was blown away. I mean he did it! He did it and is now working! It was possible! It was a revelation for me. I then started taking the Flatiron Prep Course along with the Firehose Project to get a better feel. In the end I chose Flatiron as the more established and on point school. (This is just my opinion so please don't start a debate) I then realized there was no way we could do it so I applied for a scholarship and I tried to sell myself any way I could. I don't believe I ever actually mentioned I was a suicide survivor ( The term for those who have lost a Loved one to suicide) though I did mention that I was a redhead with blue eyes which is one of the rarest combinations and I am a anomaly. I pointed out that I was a recovering alcoholic who had quit and anything else I could think of that would let them know that I was unique and worthy. I also let them know that I couldn't do it unless I got some help. Someone must of believed me because I got a partial scholarship. Thus began my journey...
