---
layout: post
title:      "Another Day of Grinding On"
date:       2018-11-15 20:09:12 +0000
permalink:  another_day_of_grinding_on
---


# Today starts yet another day of grinding on. Sometimes I feel like I am flying through and I understand the material inside out and other times I feel like I could never survive without spending so much time in what seems like relearning what I just learned. I feel that I spend alot of my time simply going back to attempt to find the answer to what I am looking for for the IDE exercises. I seem to always mess up by making it overly complicated. I am not sure about anyone else's experiences with this but that's how it is for me. Today I am still going strong on staying sober and the new drive is exactly what I had hoped for. I still need to fine tune my study habits and continously increase my hours to reach my goals. I am doing exactly what I had said I would do and I am very proud of myself. The bootcamp itself is a grind no doubt and one of the most challenging things I have ever done. I actually like this. I thrive on competition and I look forward to starting to participate in more and more of the school's options like the study groups, coding exercises, etc. One of the things I am going to do either right now or very soon is to just go back to the very beginning and quickly reread everything. I find that this has helped greatly in the past to help remind me of the simple things that slip through the cracks when so much information is flying at me. I also found a 4 hour Introduction to Ruby on Youtube that I watch from time to time and I Love that each time I watch it I understand more and more of the lessons. I still have a long, and I mean a long way to go, even coming to properly formatting these blogs and starting to play with them to make them my own adding pictures, etc., but I am fully confident that with my new drive with me at my most able I will be able to conquer this. For now I just grind on!
