---
layout: post
title:      "Nightmares Do Come True"
date:       2018-11-14 21:25:26 +0000
permalink:  nightmares_do_come_true
---


# If you have been following my blog then you know that at the end of the last one that I was at the top of the world. I had climbed from being a straight fuck up to becoming the Head Server at Gordon Ramsay Burger at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. I had managed to save to pay for our own wedding and even our honeymoon, and I had even had my wife quit work to pursue school full time to get her degree faster. I was 8.5 years stone sober coming from being a drunk/drug addict/chain smoker, and I was well on my way to becoming something special with Caesar's as my accomplishments were being noted and I had even waiting on Mike from Mike and Mike and the soon to be GM of the sister restaurant to the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill in soon to open in Atlantic City. My GM jokingly threatened the other GM when he mentioned if I ever was interested. I had options. I had pride. I had done it. I had become something! I wasn't a fuck up! Fuck yeah! I got married to the Love of my life on September 25th, 2013 on our 6 year anniversary and we went on our hard earned honeymoon to Paris, Venice, Bellagio, and Rome in Europe. I had never been to Europe by the way. I worked hard and even started back in Brazilian jiu-jitsu which I had taken off for years to concentrate on work and putting my wife through school. I learned during that time that working on the Strip in Las Vegas can be a very very high stress job and our restaurant was the powerhouse of Planet Hollywood and was so much more successful than anticipated. We actually made 3 times the estimated profit they expected the first year and continued to exceed it every year as far as I know until I left. (P.S. I am not taking credit for that. Just stating a fact) Now for the fall. In January of 2015 I fell. I fell so far I wouldn't have believed it possible. I was so strong. At this point I was working full time, the full 40+ hours a week too because we were Union and didn't really get cut early in those days, and I would go straight from work to take Brazilian Jiu-jitsu from 7pm until 9pm. I was well on my way to becoming something more in Caesars, my wife was through her Associates Degree with a perfect 4.0 and was in her first week of University of Nevada Las Vegas. I remember everything to this day. Just to keep it real I will do just that, even though it will not paint me well in the end, but if this is to help then I have to tell the truth. Truth = trust and I am telling the truth. On January 24th, 2015 I was in the restroom, handling.... business, when I missed a call from my sister. Upon listening to it I could tell by the tone of her voice that someone had died. I have an elderly grandfather and grandmother who both had struggled with health for years so I, very sadly, feared that one of them had passed. The truth ended up being so much more shocking. I called my sister back and she told me that my father had shot himself in the garage. I hung up and didn't know what to do. At this point I just defaulted to autopilot I guess and even first attempted to contact work to let them know I wouldn't be in and why so I wouldn't get fired. Thinking back now this was rediculous. Of course they would understand. Anyone with a heart would understand. By some fucked up fluke, for the first time I could ever remember in the entire time I worked there nobody answered and the fucking voicemail was full. I went down my contacts and called a friend from work to let them know what happened and managed to reach her. After this I ran upstairs and woke my wife who jumped out of bed to comfort me as, by now, I was fully freaking the fuck out. She tried to ask questions like do they know if he survived and I explained I didn't know. We then got ready and headed over to my parent's house. When we pulled up there were police everywhere. My mom and sister met us in the front yard and attempted to explain what they knew. I spent the next few hours, I can't remember exactly how long it took but it felt like eternity, waiting for the police and coroner to finish up so I could see my dad. My poor darling sister was actually the person who discovered my father and to recap he shot himself while sitting in his car of the garage of my childhood home with a .38 special with a hollow point. To anyone that knows anything this is horrible, especially for my poor sister to see. To this day I still don't know what she saw or didn't see but she has since told me that it's blocked out now for the most part. Thank God. When the coroner finished up they said I could go see my father. My sister and mother, who had also gone out though briefly, begged me not to see him. I, very very very reluctantly agreed. Not for me as much as to not make it worse for them. At this point all I knew to do was to try to keep everyone calm. After they had moved his body I did go, I ran, to the garage to the car to see the scene. There was blood all over the driver's seat. Large pools collected in 3 places and there were bits.... of my father! Everywhere. They had tried to clean up alot but there's only so much they will do. After that there are special teams for that sort of thing. I remember the smell, so metallic. To this day I have trouble watching extreme violence and especially pointless blood. My father had some things on him when he died, the most important of which was his glasses. To make you understand my father wore glasses his whole life. He used to say he was blind as a bat without them. To say that they were part of him is to small a statement, they were always part of him. He always had them on except to swim, shower, or sleep, period. They were absolutely covered in blood. I don't know when my father actually carried out the deed but it had been a while and the blood was on them. I took them to the sink in the garage and I started to rinse them off. I spent the next 5 or 10 minutes, time is hard to tell during this time as I was in shock, using water, toilet paper, and my own fingers to wash the blood off them as best as I could. This was so important to me. To make sure they were not lost. To make sure I kept them. I have them to this day. Nobody ever tells you how hard it is to get off dried blood. It is so hard. The idea of the deed itself and whose blood it was was almost too much for me and it remains so to this day. (P.S. He also had $500 dollars in cash on him which my Mom needed desperately so I got to wash more of his blood off of them to get them to be able to be accepted by the bank later that night. Twice I washed off my father's blood from my hands in one day. No one, I repeat no one should ever have to do such a thing and I am sorry to anyone that has a comparable story. This kind of thing changes you, to your core.) 
