---
layout: post
title:      "It's finally hitting me"
date:       2018-11-16 12:43:37 -0500
permalink:  narrowing_my_vision
---


  It's finally hitting me as I just completed my 4th project and my Graduation Dashboard just popped up on my Learn.co homepage. I am almost finished! I am almost finished? It's surreal. I have been working at this for so long. I have had so many ups and downs and I have tried as hard for this as I have for anything in my life and now, it's about to come to fruitition. I can't believe it!
<br>
<br>
  I have learned all about Ruby and am, of course, still learning more and more each day, but I do feel very comfortable with the language. I struggled even more with Javascript and after a long time of banging my head against the wall and then getting it, little by little, I feel very comfortable with it too. I am not sure which frontend I prefer to be honest. I guess only time will tell though I imagine I will use both and more. 
<br>
<br>
  I have pushed my comfort zone on every single project and if anyone is reading this it was one of the most important things I did. Do not reach out to Ask a Question relentlessly. Allow yourself to struggle. Allow yourself to grasp and then find the answer yourself. Allow yourself to learn how to find the answer and how to find the right search terms that get it for you. You will realize that there is so many ways often to get to the needed answer. So many different paths that will all work, all with their own pluses and minuses. It's absurd how many there are. I Love it! I Love that you can make it your own to a great extent. I still always try to write dry and clean code. Everytime I make a project I spend a fair amounts of days just troubleshooting it from the User's perspective as if I were ther User. I try to make it respond to as many possible outcomes as possible. Not just if the User does everything exactly as a I hope, but if they do all sorts of strange things and how to account for them. It's like ping pong alot. They do something which knocks the ball towards my side with something unexpected, and I write code to get it back to their side again without them ever realizing, if possible, that it left in the first place. 
<br>
<br>
  One of my favorite things about code is the ability to dream up an application in my head. I dreamed up Invader Zim and how I wanted it to be playful and bratty just like the title character from the tv show it is based on. I wanted My Pensieve to look for feel magical yet serve a practical function but also get Harry Potter fans excited to use it. Most recently I wanted Stickers to be fully interactive and easy to use but fun and bright and attractive to both young child Users and adult Users alike. Basically every one of these applications started as an idea written on a line in a memo for website ideas in my phone. It is pretty amazing to have brought almost every single one of these ideas to reality and being overly satisfied with my end product. In every single case, thanks to the many abilities of Ruby, Rails, HTML, CSS, and Javascript, they have exceeded my expectations for what I wanted. That is an amazing feeling. They are not all perfect but they are very functional and I am very proud of what I have created. I felt through Flatiron on my own. I never managed to make friends outside of Howard, Beth, Ayana, and other instructors at the school but I am very thankful for their help. The last 2 projects I did completely on my own without any outside assistance other than suggestions at the beginning of submitting my project idea and what I might need to do to accomplish it such as aliasing and using Javascript Web Tokens in my Stickers application. 
<br>
<br>
  I am not going to lie, it was hard. Hell, at times it was downright brutal. Especially when, for whatever reason, I struggled so hard with the actual implementation of using Javascript for my own project. There was no less than a month from the time I started my Javascript project to the time I started actually doing it consistantly and confidently. I spent much of that time rereading, watching videos, and doing anything else I could do including studying from an older book that I have on Javascript. One day, it just started clicking. A big push towards that happening was attending Ayana's Study Group where we worked on woof woof js, her js dog program. I realized that the way I had been going up to that point in my Javascript project was too advanced and I actually started over again basically. I now realize, as many newer programmers do along the way, that the proper way to build, until your simply more veteraned, is to build a functional app and then refine it later. Even now one of the pieces of feedback I got about Stickers is to take the massive code that is in my index.js, my main js file, and pull it into other smaller files while organizing it by different models, etc. I even now understand how to do this and look forward to doing this later to clean it up. I Love clean code and it is clean though simply too vast right now. I have it labeled with comments over each piece, and it's very functional, but I can't argue, it needed split up for readability to myself and especially others. 
<br>
<br>
  Today I begin my journey into the final piece of Flatiron's curriculum, React. I am equally excited and in disbelief that I am here. I am so excited to learn more and to learn a framework for Javascript. I know how much Rails helped and I am so ready to see what power React wields. I am in awe of the new Graduation Dashboard that is now on my Learn.co homepage, and seeing so many green circles showing that the requirements are already met is unbelieveable. I am in the home stretch now and I am ready to do this. Today, I start my final push to achieving my goal of becoming a Full Stack Web Developer! To anyone reading that has read the statistics of how few people can accomplish what I am so close to accomplishing remember these things:
	1. Go at your own pace. As Avi says, "Your race, your pace." I am slower than many but I also feel my projects reflect and deep understanding of each section so it mattered.
<br>
<br>
	2. Don't be afraid to ask for help by both Ask a Question but especially in simply looking on Google and finding the answer. You will need this endlessly during your projects and in your daily life in any web developer job and I think it is essential to get comfortable doing it.
<br>
<br>
	3. Realize that this is NOT an easy feat. This is a mountain if not a range of them, and you will ONLY get to your goal through hard work and determination. There are NO shortcuts, and those that are looking for the easy way should turn back immediately. This WILL be one of the most difficult things you have ever done and it WILL be worth it. I absolutely Love coding. I Love the puzzles and I Love getting things to work that were previously broken. The whole thing is exhilarating to me. I like that I now see things in my everyday life as objects with different attributes and ponder how I would make versions of them in code. I Love that I am thinking like a programmer now. Make no mistake, I have no illusions about how vast that field is and how much knowledge I have yet to gain. It is an endless pursuit, but I am so excited to do it. I don't want to know it all. I want to always be learning. I have 5 books already in my possession for when I do complete Flatiron along with a Udemy course already purchased. Why limit myself and my resources and my knowledge. Every bit helps whether through a higher understanding to seeing new and more efficient ways to do things you already know. Today I say for the first time ever on here or anywhere, I am a coder who is proficient in Ruby, Rails, Javascript, HTML, and CSS and I am well on my way to being able to properly call myself a Full Stack Web Developer. Today I acknowledge my own hard work and perseverence and I am as proud as I have ever been about anything in my life. I deserve this!
