---
layout: post
title:      "A Vegas Gamble"
date:       2018-11-16 16:08:56 -0500
permalink:  a_vegas_gamble
---


# So I have been doing exactly what I said earlier today except I took a quick shower. Otherwise I have been going back through all the material starting from the beginning except this time I am making sure I rewatch every video, click on every blue link at the bottom of each page, and I realize now that I am also going to have to go back again soon to take notes. I would like to point out again that I have never been a great student but I am amazing at fine tuning for efficiency. This especially includes me. I will logic my way to being a good student. I will admit that I have been watching videos and the biggest challenge I have is reaching out. I need to work on that so I am starting now. Avi, if you are reading this, I just watched your video "How long does it take to code?". I found it to be exactly me. I am out of my depth and I have been since my father's suicide in 2015. Despite this I have managed to do what I had to do to simply get to this point and get to Oregon from Nevada and even finish putting my wife through school previous to us arriving while I worked. I have been reading more and more of the materials I have seen previously but with fresh and hungry eyes. I want to learn! I want to do this! I want what you have Avi! I want the freedom that comes with this not only for financial reasons but for artistic ones. I have something in me I long to get out and I have so many website ideas already. I have a memo on my phone and I am adding new ones all the time. I just lack the knowledge still to achieve them...yet. I am freaking out a little bit after reading a message explaining the blog requirement. I know the first one is our reason for doing this but, as I understood it originally anyways, the rest of the blog was up to us. Atleast until we are job seeking and then are required to do our weekly technical blogs. I am worried that after pouring my Soul into the blogs I did do that I not only might need to redo them but that I have messed up already in this course. I am trying not to let this freak me out as I am finally getting my stride and my confidence back and I think my progress now shows that. I am afraid to lose this now. I want it so bad. I need to do this. For myself. I have spent the last 3 years almost not paying attention to myself at all and now I want this so bad. I am going to do what you said in the video and just keep putting one foot in front of the other, or keep fishing, or whatever else gets that point across. I found it so inspiring which I realize is its purpose but I am not like most people...atleast not anymore. I feel like I have been doing the equivilant of your hike for 3 years now and it has been so hard. So many times I wanted to give up. So many times I thought there was no way I could continue. I too only made it at times because of people outside of myself depending on me to do so. If I didn't find a way I would of lost it all. I did and I am in Eugene now and I did put my wife through school and she is about to become a full C.P.A. I am not saying she didn't do amazing, Summa Cum Laude, and I know that all that I did was give her the opportunity. She did it same as I have to. She is my inspiration and my guide as much as she can be for what a good student should be. This is for me though I realize for the first time. I need this for me. I need to do this because it is my freedom. I don't want to do meaningless jobs anymore. I don't want to be in debt or not in control of my future anymore. I helped my wife fix a great mistake from her past and now it is my turn. Right now, I am taking a leap of faith now and attempting to follow in your footsteps Avi and this is hard for me as I have no real faith anymore. Oftentimes this world just seems to be chaos. I Love the order of coding. The rules and yet the freedoms. I want to be able to look back on this time in my life and say,"I have no idea how I did that except that I just kept walking." Please don't kick me out without giving me a real chance if I have ever crossed any lines like in my blog. I just wanted to make something impacting. Let this be the beginning of my impossible walk. Let me do this. Just give me the chance. I have already risked everything I have on this and, if you have read my blogs, you see how much I have changed to make me the best version of me I can be. From this moment forward I am going to continue as if I am not freaking out inside. I am going to continue my blog detailing my stuggles and, as I grow, I will turn it more and more technical. I promise I will write though. I need to for anyone else who has ever been in an impossible situation with but one way to go, forward. Thank you for your time. 
