---
layout: post
title:      "Fall From Grace"
date:       2018-11-14 21:55:31 +0000
permalink:  fall_from_grace
---


# If you have been following along with this most strange blog, though I would be surprised as I have since learned people don't like to acknowledge suicides. They are taboo and not spoken of. Even friends and family lose the words to help due to a simple lack of understanding even how to approach you. From the time it happened until now I am still treated differently for my loss than so many others. Many people I have known before, during, and after that time lost Loved ones but none were as swept away as my father's suicide. I don't blame them now as I understand it is a simple problem in our society still, and a topic that is still only recently getting the attention it deserves. Around 30,000 people commit suicide a year and that's just based on numbers of confirmed. You wouldn't believe how many families simply lie about the cause of death to everyone to try to protect themselves and their loved ones. I read that it increases in percentage as you move from the East Coast to the West Coast and the 3 biggest hot beds for suicide are all on the West Coast. Seattle, Los Angelos, and Las Vegas. That's right, my home town. Like most people I didn't know. I did have experience with suicide as I had lost quite a few friends to overdoses starting from the time I was 22 and continuing during my first few months at Gordon Ramsay Burger with the suicide of my childhood friend. I had also had my very close famiy friends lose a grandfather in a simular fashion to my own father. Even then I didn't understand because I wasn't close enough yet. Now I understand. Much like trying to explain being in Love to someone who never has been, I now understand that it's like that with suicide. You just don't know until you do. From this point started my descent. It started subtle, with me going numb, as most people do from a major trauma. Alot of people don't realize this but it can last for years and mine did, atleast a version of it. I slowly....unraveled. I broke. No, I shattered. I took time off to see to my family and during that time I did my best to do anything and everything I could to help them. I was fortunate enough to have some dear dear friends and family that came to my aid and saw me through the worst of it. Unfortunately, due to me, the cost was almost our friendship. I would like it noted that during this next time I almost lost all that I had accomplished. Eventually my mom and sister told me to take some time for myself and I officially broke down. I didn't do like you would expect and cried all the time, I couldn't really. I was so overwhelmed and so outside of myself that to this day I haven't ever properly cried for my father's suicide. I spend endless hours trying to wrap my head around the why as we had no note. I learned so much I did not know and found that I did not know my father at all. This destroyed me as he was my Hero. I questioned everything I worked for and even the futility of it all. I grew so resentful of anyone that didn't understand what I was going through and I became ruthless in time due to the simple lack of people there while I was so Dark and broken. In their defense I drove many of them away. I spun out and I was too intense to handle. Some simply wanted to help but didn't know how. Some I think felt uncomfortable by the whole thing. Over the course of the next 2 years I managed to counter every single good thing I told you I accomplished. I almost lost my wife. I lost most of my friends. I cut out most of my family. Most people that knew me grew to dislike or even hate me and I lost any sympathy that almost anyone had. I mean, I just couldn't put myself back together and no one understood. Eventually I decided to started using marijuana again (Note: I lived in a legal Rec state and continue to do so now) as I realized that I was not going to be able to do this sober. I still had a long play in action of putting my wife through school before finishing the bigger plan of living in Eugene, Oregon. She was one week into UNLV when he did it. One week and she still graduated from there with a 4.0 and Summa Cum Laude. She is amazing and the biggest reason I am alive today. I started smoking after work, I never smoked during jobs, and on the weekends. I only used a table top vaporizer, as I spent years getting my lungs back, and tried to keep it as minimal as possible. At this point I just decided to numb myself as I knew this was my only chance to put her through school and to get us to Oregon. We are not children and not getting any younger. I did this very successfully and I proceeded to do the bare minimum of anything I had to do. At this time though I was working, doing all of the chores and errands, so my wife could do school, and all while keeping everything I felt locked inside. As one would expect something so Dark eventually began to change me, into the worst version of me I have ever been. I burned almost all my bridges. I all but lost my job. Hell, I only kept it due to the kindness of multiple GM's. I made promises I couldn't keep. I just couldn't. I couldn't do anything. I used to work a full shift walking an average of 6 miles a day with $2000+ sales everyday and then went straight to jiu jitsu right after work for another 2 hours to not being able to even do my regular shifts well. If I started to do well in any one area the other areas would go down. I could not keep them all up no matter how hard I tried. I fell from Grace and was now living in my own very personalized Hell. Everyday I had to convince myself it really happened at all. That my father was no longer here. That my Hero had died by his own hand. You see, for suicide survivors, we feel the same anger anyone would feel towards someone who would dare harm or kill a Loved one, but then it's turned back on itself because it was the one you Loved who did it. My father murdered my father. I crawled through the next 2 years and through so many people's help, patience, financial loans from family, and a new debt from said loans, managed to get my wife through school, and I did manage to get us to Eugene, Oregon. Well, my wife was so impressive that she landed a job in Eugene, which was our plan since before my father, which enabled us to go. Even then she got hired one year out which was one of the longest countdowns of my life. 
