---
layout: post
title:      "Rising From the Ashes Again"
date:       2018-11-15 00:03:26 +0000
permalink:  rising_from_the_ashes_again
---


# If you have managed to read this far, especially before I had gone back and properly formatted everything so that these blogs are not just giants paragraphs then you have probably been thinking, "Man, this guy is really giving away too much information." You are right and wrong. You see, for my purpose and for this to matter as I truly hope it will, I needed to be honest. I needed to build trust with you, my readers. Most of all I needed to paint a picture about myself, both my potential, and the true effect of trauma, even if you are the best in your field at the time. The blow from this is staggering. I have established where I came from and what I overcame before it ever happened and that I even went stone sober for 8.5 years after being a blackout drunk. I showed my climb from being laid off by my own father to being one of the most respected people at Gordon Ramsay Burger and all the way back down again. I have shown how I fell to pieces and how many years it took me to put myself back together again. I have shown that I am a fighter, in all aspects of the word, from mentally to actually taking Brazilian jiu jitsu. I wanted to establish that I have been on both sides of the coin, good and bad, strong and weak, the highest and the lowest. I guess I needed to do it for me as well to get it out so that maybe, just maybe my story helps someone do something similar or simply keep trying. This will be my last blog for today. I am very new to this so I am not even sure if you can do comments but if you can feel free. It would be interesting to know if this doesn't just disappear down another internet hole. More interesting to know if anyone actually read this madness. I did try to be honest so no matter what, please respect this because this isn't just words to me but my real life. Now for the surprise, I am officially just over one week sober! I am not trying to impress you but it's huge to me. This course has been extremely challenging and has pushed my limits, even to the point where I realized I could not accomplish it while medicated, even on the most restrained level. I had to be at 100% and for the first time in almost 3 years I am. I am back baby and I am a force to be reckoned with, I promise. I am doing better than I have since my dad died. Hell, I did all these first blogs in one go and I didn't skimp on the length.  I am fully back and have already done some lessons today but mainly these blogs were my goal and I feel I have reached it for today. I wanted to establish a baseline and then to be able to show my growth, as a student in Flatiron, as a recovering alcoholic and addict, and as someone who is relearning how to live my life with PTSD after the trauma I have described. If this even manages to touch one person, to change one person's mind about anything from harming themselves to what a person can come back from then it will all have been worth it. I have given alot, my Darkest secrets and have bore my Soul to you all in these words. I have been as transparent as I could while still attempting to omit details relating to individuals. I have tried to give you a V.I.P. pass to my life and my pain. As of today though I would like you all to know that I have finally risen from the ashes of my tragedy and that I am commiting to you all to not only do this course but to do it well. To continue my journey and updating it on here including my many struggles with this most difficult subject we've all tackled in Full Stack Web Development, and to prove that you can come back from anything. Anything! I thank you for taking the time to read my story and I hope you will continue to follow my path as I work towards this new goal of graduating Flatiron after having made a huge impact I hope in a positive way and fulfilling my father's dreams of me working in computers as he always wished. 
